Add some documentation on testing interacting features (#32801)
web-platform-tests/wpt: docs/writing-tests/general-guidelines.md

This is not, however, to discourage testing of edge cases or
interactions between multiple features; such tests are an essential
part of ensuring interoperability of the web platform. When possible, use the

> canonical support libraries provided by features; see [here][interacting-features]
> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
canonical support libraries provided by features; for more information, see the documentation on [testing interactions among features][interacting-features].
```
